In this charred world,
a boy appeared.
He will become the man
who will be called "Raffless I".
leading his disciples,
he began to seek the light.
After a long journey, he
found the eternal flame,
A light capable of
saving humanity.
It's going to heat up, Sho!
You are not my brother!
You disgust me...
Why don't you give up?
You have no memory
of me, confess!
Stop making that face!
You laughed and you cried before!
You looked more human!
Were you afraid of the dark?
Do not worry !
Your big brother is here!
That was one of your memories, right?
It was disgusting!
Stay out of my head!
We are brothers, you and me!
Stopped !
I won't stop!
Not until I bring you back!
Remember !
When we were a family...
I will catch you!
He's a real demon...
He disgusts me.
Take a look at his face.
It seems that he smiled like that
when his family died.
Are these still
Shinra's memories?
Wait for me.
His memories
interfere more and
more in my brain...
Frankly,
I don't quite know how
it feels to see Shô again.
But I promised our
mother to protect the bonds
that make us a family!
Promises... Links...
What does all this mean?
You're right.
My promise meant a lot,
but now that I've found you,
it no longer matters so much.
Your thoughts don't interest me.
Really ?
Look, it's Shinra!
He killed his mother!
And his little brother, who was a baby!
What ?  But how ?
He burned them.
He's a demon.
It's not me !
There was something that day.
Someone other than
mom, Shô and me.
I swear to find him
and burn it to ashes!
Have you seen his face?
It's a demon!
Leave me alone !
Since the fire, I smile
when I'm nervous.
I would have killed Shô, me?
I am not a demon!
I would love to see them again...
Mom...
Sho...
What do you want to do by
showing me these memories?
I'm not your little brother!
We are the same, you and me.
Why can't you smile anymore?
You always smiled
when you were a baby.
I have no past.
I do not need it.
What I just saw...
Was it a lost memory?
Twelve years ago,
we were a family.
Mom, you and me.
Until the day of this fire,
one could smile most
naturally in the world.
We laughed happily with mom.
We were happy.
We were brothers
and we were a family.
Sho...
Shinra...
I love you !
This woman... is she my mother?
What are you cooking, mom?
Chopped steaks!
Great !
Sho is crying!
I have to wash my hands...
Leave it to me!
I will help Sho!
Wait, Sho, I'm coming!
Are you OK ?
Your big brother is here!
The wind took the newspaper...
I'll take it off you,
wait a second.
It's dark.
I'm afraid.  Help me !
The light...
Were you afraid of the dark?
Do not worry !
Your big brother is here!
Do not Cry.
Your brother is a superhero.
You're reassured, aren't you?
I will always be
there to protect you.
You were plunged into darkness.
Sorry for leaving
you alone for so long.
I'll get you out of here
and bring you back to the light!
Trust me.
This boy is
my brother.
Let's go.
Shinra!
Sho... It's not your fault...
Haumea!
Hi !
Look at this !
You went too fast and you
planted yourself on that sword!
Shinra Kusakabe
has the Adora Burst...
I have to get him back,
I'd be sorry if he died.
It's not good at all...
Yet another enemy!
Who are you ?
It was you and your
comrades who kidnapped Shô?
What do you want to do with
the holders of the Adora Burst?
The Great Catastrophe of
250 years ago ended in failure.
But with enough Adora Burst,
we can cause
another Catastrophe!
That's why we use our insects
to look for people like you!
And that's why we need Shô too!
Shut up, you talk too much there!
Ah damn !
Oh, anyway, even if I tell him
everything, he can't stop us.
Come on, it's time to
get Shinra back to base!
What's wrong with you, Sho?
First tell me what
happened 12 years ago.
I only respond to
violent interrogations!
You should try hitting me!
I'm not kidding.
Come on, push yourself.
Separation of spaces!
Well then, do you have a problem?
Time does not stop!
My link is broken?
Sho!
Sho...
What did you do ?
But it's because you seem
to me still full of energy!
Come on, it's time to get out of here.
Shinra...
Well...
She dodged at the last moment.
Arthur...
Commanding officer...
It's up to me to defeat
you in battle, Demon!
So don't die here.
Is that this place is full
of intruders, suddenly!
Watch out, Arthur...
She's using a weird technique.
Shut your mouth !  Don't bother talking.
Let me do.
You bother me, you, so broom!
Oust!
Here, that doesn't work.
Did you just want to surprise me?
Come on, come fight!
Plasma?
So you've jammed
my electrical signal...
It was not the time to
come and bother me!
Hurry, Hauméa, we
have no time to lose!
It's okay, I know!
I will eliminate
them in two seconds.
What the hell is this again?
My iron owl...
He shorted out...
Help Shinra while I hold her!
Understood !
Commanding officer !
Plasma filth!
It blurs my attack and prevents it
from reaching his nervous system.
But why did it take
he arrives, this moron?
You have nothing to
fear anymore, Shinra.
An earthquake !  It begins...
What a jolt!
I have a bad feeling.
The Great Preacher
has taken action.
We must leave, Haumea!
We'll meet again if you survive!
Sho...
Hold on !  Sho!
- Come back...
- Don't move!
We have to go out too!
It's still shaking...
This earthquake is far too long.
It is therefore a blow
of the Great Preacher.
But what is he up to?
Sho...
Shinra!  Above all, don't fall asleep!
You must live to see
your brother again!
Let's go to the emergency room.
We will give it to our colleague.
She is by far the best
healer in the whole Empire.
Doctor Huang!
Where are you, doctor?
It's urgent !
What's going on ?
Thank you for
answering our call!
We have a serious injury!
I received a message from the Empire.
Was he on the mission?
Yes...
Have you seen the Underground?
Do they have a link with this long earthquake?
The Underground
is a forbidden place...
Did you anger the Sun-God?
Of course not.
The Great Preacher
and the men in
white are the origin
of the human torches.
They are looking for the holders
of a flame named "Adora Burst"
and want to destroy the world!
You will explain that to me later.
Captain Huang...
Can you save Shinra?
It's not going to be easy.
He already has to hold on.
And even if I manage to keep him
alive, he might
still be paralyzed.
It's a 3rd generation with
the Adora Burst, right?
Yes.
I have never yet been in contact
with this so-called sacred flame.
I am in unknown territory.
Shinra means a lot to us!
save him,
You're welcome !
I will do my best
no matter what.
Sun God,
keep Shinra alive...
We managed to pull the sword out.
His pulse is stable.
My powers will do the rest.
But given the injury,
who knows if that will be enough...
Everything will rest on his flame.
I go.
Beginning of the final phase
of Shinra Kusakabe's operation!
Rod of Asclepius!
O snake, heal this boy!
She's been in surgery
for an hour now.
Where are the others ?
Iris went to pray for
Shinra to pull through.
Commander Hinawa gets treatment
and Licht does some research.
And Vulcan?
He is with Risa.
Apparently she suffered
a big psychological shock.
So the 6th Brigade
is a hospital?
What are they doing ?
You really are ignorant, my word.
Within the Empire,
only the Church of the Holy
Sun is authorized to provide care.
The 6th brigade therefore
belongs to the Church, a
bit like the 1st, but it
specializes in medicine.
So this place is a church and
a hospital at the same time.
It's a special squad!
And Captain Huang is
apparently the
best healer there is.
She is said to have
unique healing powers.
What's so special
about these powers?
She can control a flame
serpent capable of healing
various injuries and illnesses.
And if the patient himself
possesses powers,
it can act directly on its fire.
What a beautiful flame.
I believe everything should be fine.
The Adora Burst is amazing.
But his flame has been
completely consumed,
he will take several
days to wake up.
3 days later,
clear sky.
I finally woke up.
I'm starving.
I want to eat rice.
What happened to Sho?
I saved him
and he returned to
the Great Preacher...
We should have
to be able to look at this sky together.
Shit !
You woke up exactly as
Captain Huang said you would.
It might just be the sun,
but you look pretty good.
You're still
recovering, so rest.
Glad to see you alive.
Captain Barnes...
What are you doing here ?
I came to see you.
See me ?
When I'm just a simple 2nd
class from another brigade?
Am I bothering you ?
No way !
If you don't mind, I'd
like to chat with you.
Let's talk about the
fire 12 years ago.
Change yourself.
We're going for a walk.
I brought you a snack too.
You have a hell of an appetite.
Yes, I eat more than average.
You have grown well.
You've known me
for 12 years, right?
The firefighter that
day was you, right?
Did you know everything?
Yes.
If I had told the truth
about what happened, you
would never have been
accused of killing your family.
I don't care about being accused!
You also knew Shô
was still alive, didn't you?
Yes of course.
And you knew he had been
kidnapped by the Great Preacher?
Yes I knew it.
And you didn't help him?
Why didn't you tell me?
If I had known, Shô would never
have spent 12 years in darkness!
Even 12 years later,
you almost lost
your life learning
the truth, so what
was the point then?
It was just an accident!
I have progressed since our fight.
Really ?
I believe you were lucky.
But I invite you to
prove me wrong.
I am waiting for you.